chore(docs): Release Notes for 5.3 (#37221)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reference/release-notes/v5.3/index.md

```javascript:title=gatbsy-config.mjs
//Import Pure ESM or CommonJS packages
import slugify from '@sindresorhus/slugify';

const config = {
  siteMetadata: {
    title: slugify(`Gatsby Default Starter`),
    siteUrl: `https://www.yourdomain.tld`,
  },
  plugins: [],
};

// Use the export statement
export default config;
```

Please note that we do not support ESM in `gatsby-config.ts` and `gatsby-node.ts` yet and support for that would be added in another minor release.

For more details, head over to our [ESM in Gatsby files](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/discussions/37069) umbrella discussion.

## Improved error messages

### Show original stack trace from workers

You might have run into an error like this while using Gatsby:

```shell
ERROR #85928

An error occurred during parallel query running.

Error: Worker exited before finishing task
```

> Gatsby uses [worker threads](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v18.x/api/worker_threads.html) to execute its GraphQL queries in parallel (with its own package [`gatsby-worker`](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-worker)). When Parallel Query Running was introduced these workers were already instructed to propagate their errors to the main process so that you can see what actually happened. Unfortunately, at a certain workload the workers didn't have enough time to relay those messages and you were left alone with the above mentioned worker error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatsby uses [child processes](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v18.x/api/child_process.html) to execute its GraphQL queries in parallel (with its own package [`gatsby-worker`](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-worker)). When Parallel Query Running was introduced these workers were already instructed to propagate their errors to the main process so that you can see what actually happened. Unfortunately, at a certain workload the workers didn't have enough time to relay those messages and you were left alone with the above mentioned worker error.
```

Reviewer 2: There's one more mention of "workers" below. Do we need to change that too?

Reviewer: Ah yes, I edited my suggestion. I kept "worker" in "worker error" sentence as that makes sense because it mentions "Error: Worker exited before finishing task"
